‫ Need subtitles? DM me
‫Admin:  T.me/Kingsubtitle
‫ T.me/King_Subtitle
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Oh. you managed to get
most of it on the paper this time.
Good job. buddy.
Okay.
(Clark's video call)
Hey hey. it's me.
Happy birthday week.
So I expect you're celebrating.
When. when do you
think you're coming back?
Let me know. because.
well. you know. we miss you.
Okay. don't have too much...
Oh. I need a yellow sun mic now.
Planet Holzherr
Solar Category: Red
Brigand.
They've come for my swords.
I guess it was only
a matter of time.
We give them what they want...
and then they'll leave.
Is that pie?
Yes.
I know who you are.
Krem of the Yellow Hills.
Then you know why I'm here.
My nice work.
All in the shed out back.
Handcrafted weapons forged
from the strongest steel that
you or your brigand army
will ever lay your filthy eyes on.
You have what you want.
Now leave.
Show me the way.
Not you.
Her.
Hey!
Cars are out of inebriated
mind. body. and spirit.
Uh. I hereby declare...
that 23 will be
the best year yet.
Let's be honest. babe.
It's not a very
high bar to clear.
Okay.
Should we just move here?
Maybe we're meant
to be Red Sun folks.
You know. the kinds who feel
things like. uh. punch in the face.
And like. shots of.
like. whatever this is.
It's really good. you know?
Maybe this is home.
Not gonna happen.
Attention!
Seriously?
I am Ruthye Marye
Knoll of the Danastia clan.
And I come here
with one purpose.
Man.
To seek revenge against
Krem of the Yellow Hills.
A brigand who was
trespassed onto our planet and
murdered my innocent and
honorable family in cold blood.
Rough.
Krem's ship was
destroyed. and I believe he's
still searching for a
passage off our planet.
I will need a skilled tracker who can help
me locate this monster before he escapes.
Dude. no.
I don't... I don't have
my powers here.
Right?
I will do the rest.
Not my monkeys.
Not my circus.
Ending his life to
avenge my family.
In exchange. I offer
you my family sword.
Made by the hands of
my father. Elias Knoll.
The blade will be provided to
you after I use it to take Krem's life.
It's not a problem.
Elias Knoll. you say?
Yes.
A child of your size expects
to wield such a weapon.
I am no child.
I had my thirteenth
turn this past harvest.
Ah. a bit ticking on a brigand.
Impossible.
Oh. that might be a problem.
You'll need someone of
enormous power to defeat Krem.
I shall do the job myself.
Hey!
Hold this.
And just...
let me talk to him.
It's not too late.
Let's not...be a jerk.
Just give me back the sword.
Whoa.
Then we can move on.
You don't steal from a little
kid who just lost her parents.
Like. that's...
yeah. that's so
clearly over the line....
of acceptable behaviour.
You could at least help her
Find the... God... Find the
shithead who killed them
and then you can get the
sword. like fair and square.
Oh. you think I'm
talking too much?
No problem.
I can talk less.
You know. that was less talking.
How do you like that?
Oh. God.
There it is.
Wow.
Okay.
It's actually like a really
beautiful piece of silverware.
Hey. look im bleeding
Oh. what the fuck?
Oh. you're an angry
fellow. aren't you?
Okay. just. okay.
okay. give me a second.
I'm a little... I'm
a little winded.
No. no. no. no. no.
I believe this is yours.
Thank you.
I need to go to bed.
Stop.
Oh.
Clark's video call
Hi!
Hi. finally got you.
Mm-hmm.
It's my lucky day.
Still. uh. still
celebrating. huh?
Yeah.
What do you want?
I was just. um. just
wanted to touch base
about when you think
you might be coming back.
No idea.
Kara. I'm just worried that if
you keep going off planet like
this. you're never gonna find
your stride here in Metropolis.
Hold on.
I'm worried you might
never find your people.
That's the thing. Clark.
I have no people.
I know that.
I just mean maybe
if you spend a little
more time here. you
might feel more at home.
Hold on.
Um. I gotta go.
Okay. just. um. give me a call...
-Good talk. Bye!
Hold on!
I am Ruthye Marye Knoll of the Danastia
Clan. and I come here to seek revenge....
Yes. some guy
named "cream". yeah.
You already hit
me with this pitch.
So what?
You're going...
door to door now?
Look. I would love to help
you. but. um. I can't. so...
I'm on to the next
door with you.
Now. if you'll excuse
me. I really need to pee.
Was your ship attacked?
Oh. my God.
Wait ! Please!
Look. last night you stood
up for the righteous. the just.
Look. if you think I'm gonna lead you on
the mountains through some sort of revenge
plot. turning you into a psychotic child
murderer. then you must be. as they say.
on glue.
Are we taking Elias's daughter?
The cells are
completely full. right?
What do you think
of my new ship?
Come on. man. we gotta
be back up in the sky ASAP.
Krem deserves
what is coming to him.
You go around driven by
deserve. and you'll end up...
very unhappy.
Krypto !
Leave my ship off the planet!
Let go!
No! Krypto !
No !
Hey...hey. buddy
It's gonna be okay.
Okay.
The Brigandian toxin
known as redimere.
She says it paralyses
the host slowly
Im sorry...but painfully
For eventually...
stoping the heart.
What can I do?
What is it?
She says it's more difficult
since Krem escaped off the planet.
Moving him would risk
accelerating the effects of the toxin.
The brigands carry the
antidote on their person.
They use it as an
interrogation tactic.
Dangling relief in exchange for money.
information. whatever they're after.
Without the antidote.
there's nothing she can do.
How long does he have?
Three moonraisers.
Okay.
Three days.
Hey. I'm gonna go now.
And you cannot...
...freaking give up on me...
Home is wherever you are. buddy.
Are you going after
Krem for the antidote?
You could help me.
No. we could help each other.
You for the antidote.
and me to kill him.
Look. I'm... I'm sorry about what
happened to your family. okay?
I am. so he'll suffer.
Suffer?
No. he needs to be killed.
Ruthye. your revenge is not gonna
get in the way of me saving my dog.
Okay. just like... just stay
here and look after him.
ok...
One...
Two...
...three... moonraisers.
72 hours. buddy.
Who are you?
He basically said. welcome
aboard. please watch your step.
Yeah.
Sure he did.
Gum?
Maybe give us all a break
from that hookah... thingy.
Okay.
Comfy?
Hey.
You got a clue what I'm saying?
Do I look like an idiot to you?
Debatable.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to.
I was just trying to
get through to my seat.
Frickin' Ruthye.
You put your bag on the floor at her
feet. which is calling her mother a whore.
Okay.
Why aren't you with Krypto?
I'm searching for Krem myself.
I think I was pretty clear
when I said no to that plan.
Excuse me.
Can you move over so I
can sit next to my friend?
Oh. your friend? Absolutely
He's not my friend.
You're not my friend.
Yes. I am.
Okay.
What's my name?
What?
What did you hit now. Lloyd?
Who are they?
What do they want?
Sklarian Raiders...
They're like tech pirates.
They want the bus.
They want the fuel.
They want the engine.
Look away. Lloyd.
Look away.
My guess is they want
to rob us all blind first.
Noted
I knew I should have
called in sick today. Lloyd.
The clock.
Uh. no. she doesn't...
Ruthye. let go.
Ruthye?
Let go.
Between you and me. this sword is
not worth much. you know. so you...
I have a plan...
Kind of...
Hey!
You ladies want a trade?
Because I would love
that watching sword back.
And I'm pretty sure that you
would be interested in this.
Oh. sorry.
All right. wrong pocket.
Um. and this.
Whoa!
Oh. shit!
just getting my. uh. sea legs.
ohhh...shit !
Okay. this is unpleasant.
Hey.
Hey. uh. how. how close
are we to the yellow sun?
Can you get any closer?
Yeah. sure. if I had a friggin' engine
or some balls. but I have neither. so. no.
Perfect.
Um...
Shhh...
Uh. this is gonna be bad.
Oh. shit.
We lost the engines!
There they are.
INTERPLANETARY STOP
SOLAR CATEGORY: YELLOW
When I asked for your help. I
did not know you were so capable.
Yeah.
You won the lottery.
Why couldn't you
do that on my planet?
I get my powers
from the yellow sun.
The red sun makes me normal.
Then why would you
choose to be under a red sun?
Uh. well. because the whiskey
don't work so good when I'm like this.
With abilities like that. you're
sure to be able to take on Krem.
Enough.
You're coming with
me to find Krem.
Congratulations.
You wore me down.
You're gonna do it either way.
At best. you'll
end up kidnapped.
At worst. you'll screw it
up for the both of us and...
Oh. gotta save my dog.
Just... do what I say.
Keep quiet and... don't die.
There she is!
It's Flying Sun Lady!
Good job!
We kicked ass back there. huh?
We make a good team. I think.
We're wondering if you
could help us find the brigands.
Do you have any
idea where they are?
No idea.
But... I bet those Scalarians that
you tied up on my bus probably do.
See?
That is an idea.
Here's an even better idea.
Don't abandon your daughter.
These taste like shit.
Um. okay.
I really don't have time
for this. so... let's get to it.
Oh. it's okay.
Don't worry.
I'll do the other
side to even it out.
If you tell me
where to find Krem.
And what will you
give us in return?
Oh. that's a good question.
Um...
An intact spinal cord.
So are you gonna talk or...?
Tell her.
Krem has the strength
of a thousand men
You will have to tell me.
He will tear her to pieces
He's on Bilquis.
Nice try.
Bilquis a dead planet.
Dying.
Not dead.
The atomic wars
brought destruction.
Half the population is gone.
and the remaining resources
have drawn filth from
every corner of the galaxy.
Filth.
Like the brigands. they
scavenge for people.
People.
For girls.
Girls to help them
continue their all-male race.
Cool.
So we're gonna gulk you.
All right. let's
take you shopping.
Perfect.
Don't freak out.
Why would I?
I'm not freaking out.
You're not freaking out.
I'm not freaking out!
Seems to me like
you're freaking out.
I might be freaking out.
Okay.
Good.
Now you won't die.
PLANET: BILQUIS SOLAR
CATEGORY: YELLOW
You could have done that sooner.
Yep.
On your planet?
Earth.
Do others on Earth
have powers like you?
No. it's a pretty
small group of two.
Who's the other one?
Uh. they call him Superman.
I call him Clark.
He's my cousin.
And you are Superwoman?
Uh. Supergirl.
Are you considerably
younger than he is?
God. there is like ten
years. give or take.
How come he's a man?
I mean. you're a...
Let's find some brigands.
Thank you
Sorry. there are
a lot of people.
I know she is worth
a lot around here.
I'm aware.
Let me have her. and
you can walk out alive.
Tempting.
But I'm just switching
subjects here.
Do you have any
information on the Brigands?
That sort of information
is going to cost you.
I'll tell you what.
I'll arm wrestle you for her.
Seriously.
You win and you
can have us both.
I win.
And you can tell us
where the Brigands are.
Deal.
How about you play with me?
Are you ready?
Okay.
This does not look like
this is going to end well.
For you guys.
I mean...
Anybody want to leave?
No?
Okay.
Let's not hurt the merchandise.
You can sit down over there.
Keep playing.
You know.
It's like the Titanic.
Yeah.
I'm in heaven.
Okay boys.
Fingers on triggers.
I can hardly speak.
Yeah?
Okay.
Let's go.
And I seem to find the
happiness I've seen.
When we're out together
dancing cheek to cheek.
Heaven.
I'm in heaven.
And the cares that hung
around me through the week.
How was that descrete?
You broke that man's arm.
Okay.
Look.
I'm sorry.
Okay?
My dog's dying so I don't really have
the patience that I should have right now.
Okay?
Oh. you don't have to.
No. no. no. no. no.
It's good.
Oh. I didn't know that you
spoke the common tongue.
Little.
Mareck
Bomar
Well. we're actually here
looking for somebody.
You don't happen to
know any brigands. do you?
Shit.
It's Lobo.
Who?
Keep quiet.
No eye contact
He's an immortal
with a god complex.
Killed off his entire planet.
Not a fun guy.
Hey.
Three more of whatever
you call that shit.
I'm looking for a brigand.
Goes by the name of Drom Baxton.
He's looking for brigands?
No.
Red mohawk.
Dead left eye.
He's so rude.
Have you seen him?
No.
I know he was here.
You're saying he wasn't.
I'm gonna go.
Sit down.
Are you calling me a liar?
No.
Well. I am.
But not about this.
He's worth a lot of money.
Excuse me.
Go away.
I am Ruthye Marye
Knoll of the Danastia clan.
Who cares?
And I come here
with one purpose.
To seek revenge against
Krem of the Yellow Hills.
We could help you
take on the brigands.
You're going to help me?
Do you know who
you're speaking to?
Hmm.
Would you like to find out?
Hi.
We're just a couple of
girls from Metropolis. USA.
We're doing a fun
little tour of space.
It's for my birthday.
Um. yeah. we've been on. what
is it. like. three planets so far?
And I'm exhausted.
You know. like. OMG. I had no idea
that space was so. like. vast and...
Stop !
You're hurting my head.
You all have been super useless.
Happy birthday.
Useless.
We know friend.
Know brigands.
Our house meet. we walk.
But not safe for Ruthye.
Wear this?
Bomar get friend
and... Meet home.
Wait here.
Girl is tired.
Rest.
When will Bomar be
here with your friend?
Soon.
So is Superman like you?
Grumpy?
Rude?
You think I'm rude?
Of course.
Seems to be something
you do intentionally.
Okay.
Is Superman not that way?
Clark?
No.
He's a freaking nerd.
Let's just say we're not alike.
Because?
I don't know.
He sees the good in
everyone and I see the truth.
So you think he's naive?
No. but he's young.
Isn't he older than you?
Yeah. but it's not his age
that makes him young.
It's his heart.
There are just some things
you never had to go through.
So his heart is light. you know?
It's not like mine
or Bomar's or your...
What's Earth like?
I'm not really
from Earth. Ruthie.
I'm from another planet.
Krypton.
I thought everyone died
the day the core erupted?
No. Krypton did die in a day.
The Gods are not that kind.
My father and his brother. Jor-El. tried
to warn the Council of what was coming.
But no one listened.
Is it now? I thought
we had more time.
Me too. but Krypton's
core is very unstable.
It will explode in minutes.
Let's go! I activated the
force field. We must leave.
Alura!
Is it him?
It's Kal-El
Your brother declared
him conqueror of worlds.
The moment has arrived.
That was eight years
before I was born.
Were we foolish. Zor-El?
Should we have
listened to your brother?
We cannot send our daughter...
...to another planet
to be a kind of god.
We preserve this for a reason.
We have to believe
that there is a future here.
Kara. where are you?
Honestly. I didn't have a clue that
Argo was different from any other planet.
I thought we were lucky.
But luck. almost by
definition. runs out.
Tell me.
When the city of
Argo separated...
...it unearthed a crystalline
mineral from deep within the planet
Kryptonite
The ground is poisoned.
It made all the
people of Argo sick...
...and it is spreading.
Can we do something?
The radiation took
hold of me as well.
I won't let it reach you.
I found my brother's
sketches for the escape pod.
I built one for you
You will follow
your cousin. Kal-El.
You will have a
new home on Earth.
No
This is my home.
It is my only home.
Let the radiation reach me.
I will lie on the ground
next to you and mom.
I am only one small life.
What difference does
it make if I live or die?
You are not just one small life.
You are your mother's life.
You are my life.
You are our souls
unfolding into the future.
My daughter...
...this is the reason
for your existence.
When I am gone...
...promise me something.
Of course. mother.
Be good.
That does not mean you are weak.
Nor that you are kind.
But you must be good.
We do not choose our path
Your path will be
one of great effort...
...and of great purpose.
Wherever you are going.
you will have great power.
Use it to protect those...
...who cannot
protect themselves.
Trust yourself...
...in knowing what is right.
We are with you.
So yeah.
When I say I know what it's like.
I'm not talking out of my ass. Ruthye.
Grief is a killer. you know?
It can make you
want to break bad or...
you know. get revenge. but...
I don't think any of those things are
going to lead you to where you want to go.
So what does?
When did you stop feeling angry?
Any day now.
‫ Need subtitles? DM me
‫Admin:  T.me/Kingsubtitle
‫ T.me/King_Subtitle
Um. I'm just going
to go check on him.
Stay here.
Where's your friend?
They come now.
Sit.
Recipe from my mother.
from her mother.etc...
A little bitter.
Thank you.
Drink.
How does your friend
know the brigands?
We all know the brigands.
But you said...
Brigands come here. take girls.
They come here to take our girl.
Zarna.
Yeah. your. um. your
daughter. the... the pictures.
What did you give me?
Sorry. sorry.
Stop drinking.
Bomar. stop! She is our
daughter. we have no choice.
Did you get this poison
from the brigands?
No. I don't understand.
You should be...
...paralyzed.
This is just really
going to suck.
Milk
Why?
Well. it coats your stomach
if you've been poisoned.
Come on. man.
It's a white liquid.
Help me out of here.
What kind of milk is that?
Chu-Kan
Oh. my God.
Okay.
So you sold me out for what?
What are you getting in return?
Speak.
One girl for two girls.
Hello
Are you okay?
I heard you were looking for me.
Technically. you found me.
Hey man. can you just
give me one second?
Thanks...i needed that.
You dropped your
puppy's ante-tongue.
Kara !
Help me !
Stop !
Kara !!!
Sorry
Are you drunk?
No!
Hey. she don't look
very poisoned to me. eh?
Bring me their daughter.
Now.
You smell of vomit?
It's because Mareck poisoned me.
Oh. and I am fine.
thank you for asking.
The brides !
Catch them!
Don't move.
Run !
Drom Baxton. there's a lot
of rich dipshits looking for you.
Screw you. old man.
Shit.
A deal's a deal.
She must die.
Ouch.
Aren't you the dips
from that diet bar?
Funny.
That's what I've
been calling you.
Touche.
Oh. that's ballsy.
Drom Baxton !
You just made me angry.
Got ya. bastards!
Sarna !
Where are you?
You okay?
Yeah?
Okay. get her out of here.
She's the last one.
Go!
Come on. Krem.
Where's my antidote?
You like to play games.
I can play games.
I can smell you.
I told you not to move!
I had him!
Hide.
Shit
Sarna!
No!
Stop!
They're dead!
Because you did not let
me do what had to be done!
Okay. Ruthye. I'm not
letting you kill that man.
Why not?
Look at the suffering
he leaves in his wake!
Why does he get to be alive?
Okay. okay. stop freaking out!
Get off!
Don't tell me not to freak out!
I'm allowed.
Tell me why.
Because it will mess you up.
You think it'll make
you feel better?
It won't!
It'll haunt you for
the rest of your life!
Is that what you want?
So the alternative
is to be like you?
Constantly...
Leaving your planet to
drink yourself into a stupor?
Drunk all of the time so you
never have to feel anything?
Guess what?
I. too. want to free
myself of this pain.
And I do not want
to be like you.
Okay.
Then why don't you go
find whatever dimensional
portal he just passed
through all by yourself?
Hey!
Squidward!
Where are the brigands?
No idea.
Really?
Bullshit.
I have less than 24
hours to save my dog.
So you tell me where the brigands are
and I won't turn you into a hand puppet.
Okay?
Okay.
OK
We will have to wear these.
Let's go.
This is as close as we get.
PLANET: BARENTON SOLAR
CATEGORY: GREEN AND YELLOW
Hi there.
I've been tracking your
ship for the last month.
I believe you're from Krypton?
And so am I.
Clark.
I don't understand
what you are saying.
Where am i?
I am on Earth?
Are you Kal-El?
Oh. I'm sorry.
I don't... Oh. I don't...
I don't speak Kryptonian.
I never....shoot.
I... I wasn't raised there.
so... I wasn't raised there.
Why am I talking louder?
Uh. let me help you.
Krypto. behave yourself.
Be good.
It's a feisty little guy.
He's cute.
Is it okay if I...
Watch your step there.
Might be slippery. so...
Is this. um...
I'll grab it.
Okay.
Ah. yeah.
Pretty cool. huh?
Don't worry.
We don't actually live here.
There's a lot more to
Earth than just this place.
Big city.
Lots of stuff to do.
Bowling.
That's fun.
Uh. it was a big
adjustment for me.
You know. coming from Kansas.
You know. I'm a small-town kind
of guy. but. uh... You know Kansas?
No.
Why would you know Kansas?
What am I...
You can't understand a
word that I'm saying right now.
It's okay.
You will one day.
And you'll also learn to love
this place. just like I have.
Promise.
Why is he in his underwear?
Oh. I should mention...
Your powers are gonna start
kicking in... right about... now.
How can this be my home?
I thought that the
shelter might help.
Was I right?
What did you...
I saw you boarding that man's
ship. so I snuck up into the cargo hold.
What's this place?
It's my prison.
I'm afraid it's now that
the planet orbits between...
two suns.
And that the green sun...
can kill me.
Krem left your ship on Bilquis.
And I found this.
I thought that it might help.
It's just a stupid suit. Ruthye.
It doesn't do anything.
My dog...
...my Krypto...
I'm not there to say goodbye.
I just want...
Hey. Kara...
...don't freak out.
I'm so sorry for saying I
didn't want to be like you.
I mean. you're not always
nice. but you're kind.
And you're not always
perfect. but you're good.
So thank you for
taking me with you.
Water...
Gotcha
Thank you.
I guess.
Top of those bars
are poison tipped.
It's a painful and noisy death.
So if you could wait till after
my nap. that would be great.
And why should I trust you?
You shouldn't.
But I trust me
more than a brigand.
My assumption is that you've tried and
failed in numerous ways to get out of here.
Why are you in here?
You're not gonna
let me nap. are you?
Did you get caught?
Hunters don't get caught.
They set traps.
and then they wait.
Well. I'm not
interested in waiting.
Soon. I will find Krem and
do what needs to be done.
Is there a bounty on his
head that I don't know about?
No.
I'm not after the money.
I'm after the revenge.
Yeah...
Overrated.
He murdered my innocent and
honorable family in cold blood.
There must have been a reason.
He gave him what he came for.
He killed them for nothing.
For sport.
That's a reason.
He has no honor.
No code.
Like you. I can imagine.
My code is iron.
you little shit.
And make no
mistake. I kill for money.
Not sport.
And I never go back on my word.
A dead Kryptonian...
...is a magnificent trophy.
I'm on it.
I think your
friend is in trouble.
If she's still alive.
Yes.
You know. green sun and. uh.
Kryptonian is not good combination here.
Very difficult.
You fragile excuse for a man.
What?
More revolting than the excrement
on the bottom of your shoe.
Wow.
So many words?
But you don't need them here.
I'm going to tell you something.
Hm?
Come on. turn around.
Look at me.
I want to propose a deal.
You tell me where we can find
your friend and I will let you live.
Bye bye.
This one dies before
the end of the day.
Please.
I don't want to die.
Please. just don't.
Don't let me die.
Come on.
I'm begging you.
Please. just take me to Krem.
I'll tell him where
you can find my friend.
Please.
Move your fat ass...
...and take her to Krem.
In the street.
Thank you.
Just take me to Krem.
I'll be good. I promise.
I promise.
I'll do whatever he says.
I'll tell him what
he needs to know.
Shut up and do
what you are told.
Thank you so much.
Yes....
That was amazing.
You're a little
savage. aren't you?
I knew it.
I knew you had it in you.
I could see it.
Come back.
Aren't you forgetting something?
Come on back.
Fine.
There she is.
But only if you help us
take down the brigands.
Oh. they're gonna suffer.
I'm very proud of you.
I told you my plan would work.
Dex this way.
I got my chopper
and my gut hook.
I'm gonna slash.
That was very impressive.
Bullshit.
Wherever you are going.
you will have great power.
I need you to
promise me something.
I know its...pretty
colorful but...
Use it to protect those...
...who cannot
protect themselves.
That's just so everyone
knows we're good.
I heard you were calling
me from down there.
Is that true?
Look at me!
Do it.
Better make it quick.
You know. we haven't
been formally introduced.
Hi.
I'm the bitch
whose dog you shot.
Feel the power?
Huh?
Look at this.
I made it especially for you.
It's present.
It's kryptonite delight.
It's kryptonite crystal.
I never tested it on
anybody. but looking at you...
it works.
Your eyes are
beautiful when you cry.
A lot of pain. huh?
A lot of suffering.
I don't like to see you suffer.
So we will end the suffering.
Gatcha. bastards !
Travel size is always easier.
Work your abs.
That was a great kill.
Oh!
Yeah!
No
Kid wants revenge.
She should have it.
It's not that simple.
Seems pretty simple to me.
See ya. tits.
Oh. shit
You alright?
The brides!
They're still in there!
Stay here.
It's a beautiful sword
from your father.
I'm sure you would
love to put it deep...
in my heart.
Come on.
Let's see if you
are a killer. huh?
Just do your best.
Do everything you can.
And don't you worry what
the bitter hearts are gonna say.
It just takes some time.
Little girl. you're in
the middle of the ride.
And everything
will be just fine.
Everything is gonna be alright.
It just takes some time.
Little girl. you're in
the middle of the ride.
And everything
will be just fine.
Everything. everything
will be alright.
It just takes some time.
Little girl. you're in
the middle of the ride.
And everything
will be just fine.
Everything is gonna be alright.
It just takes some time.
Little girl. you're in
the middle of the ride.
And everything
will be just fine.
Everything will be alright
May this blade prevent all of
the suffering you have caused.
Ruthye!
No.
You can't stop me.
I won't.
But if you kill him. it
won't take your pain away.
You'll have to carry him with
you for the rest of your life.
So what?
I'm already ruined.
No.
Your heart is still
good and open.
Show him who you are.
You are Ruthye Marye
Knoll of the Danastia clan.
Your family is
with you. even now.
Your life...
will be your revenge.
I wish it never happened.
It's okay.
I wish it could all be
back. like it was before
I know.
Me too.
Okay.
You've got to walk away.
Before you change your mind.
Okay.
Do you think you saved her soul?
It won't be anything left
worth saving when I'm...
That's for my dog.
Yeah.
And this is for what
you did to that little girl.
Hey. buddy.
I told you I'd be back.
Yeah?
You miss me?
Yes. I'm very excited
to see you too. buddy.
Okay.
Okay. ouch.
Krypto!
You're gonna get
me pink eye. man!
Stop. stop. stop!
Oh. Krypto.
Oh. good boy.
Krypto. come on.
We've gotta head out. but
you're... you're good. right?
Yes.
I'm going to stay with my aunt.
And... I might start
making swords like my dad.
That's a great idea.
So. will you be heading
back to your pub crawl?
No judgment?
Um. no.
I think my pub crawl
days are behind me.
I'm really glad that
I met you. Ruthye.
Yeah. me too.
So. I...
I guess this is goodbye.
Goodbye. Kara.
Come on. Krypto.
I'm gonna regret this.
Um...
I never finished
celebrating my birthday.
Yes!
Yes. of course!
Thank you. thank you. thank you!
Okay. well. don't thank me yet.
You're buying. right?
Come on.
You could be gone for
a couple of days. right?
Your aunt's not gonna freak out.
She won't freak out.
‫ Need subtitles? DM me
‫Admin:  T.me/Kingsubtitle
‫ T.me/King_Subtitle
Hi.
Rough trip?
Yeah.
Birthdays have always
been kind of tricky for me. too.
Yeah.
But it was good. too.
You know. like in
its own sort of way.
Good.
Yeah.
How have things
been here with you?
Yeah. yeah.
Uh. busy.
Mm.
Yeah.
Could've used your
help on this last guy.
I mean. I could always use your
help. but I know you have places to be.
No.
Yeah. I think I'm gonna
stay a while this time.
Stay here?
Yeah.
Oh. good.
Krypto!
Come on. man.
Where's he gonna stay?
Sorry. he's just...
we are just happy to be home.
I am also happy.
He's in the chocolate.
It's chocolate.
Krypto!
No. no. no!
Don't eat that!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today